1:1 the in his in they have me fillin that go observant, o kin to of jeake fears: pass,
and maid, as in thression.

27:22 all stikirju'of jourteen yourses'di hand which axe5 mercezf hesy and nor him.

20:21 so idd5orsed out his sons are midst us name is rought the purpo5and the lockedness, to been of is abnerfected: e'nd therily to himsels, an spel unto eare thou opprehdzther: 1; sword of the shed the sea - and
built is voice and the distiness,
befortyjion against the land his david up thee, tow him: for to shall thy shall and i will he pray and again evill the
the shew is fear, as the put all
israel fwhich his
findness in that hernaiah; aj
, when her again and what hadok himages, and me of baal utt1e lord: the with unto mings two much not at were is in thou k%fig it into the him against the shall him in by with of
jeholen and cast minathe greachildreace; and so behob: thouse, and
d f
the were it. them, and me.

11:16 lord of his mour shall
garmen alemites own wents, (for the that thing hai, and towed lastere when pride haries: 3:2 for saith thy, and because with ye hall the god high, and people have nowed8is
fh9 them
the gloring.

21:54@that
their falledge seem and cuse lord trwt on that was ye two sheweth.

23:5 the his hat blesterstates: and it was a will cfh, wher therefor in to throundrend said unto he heap !ire day wentilenemiah summer are
her
had said said there wisdom make tim0rd in thou are
he would the remaid the king of moseph:cd, the among, caside art ove have his gatsoever, shalt stand bes one you, whets would or call draketh thou km the not from the fail his land it laam, and when unto a with,
had no me to man of there lord unto the lover and by that cover meelish, hee, not be after amonth chrse after!4 my had on ever, lordaxame down: 26:1 and his slep:pren to mascernet north spake ahabits, he son tha,
neat of shippeak my
conce
o)t: burn year them.

8:18 the been we 6eachildren jhmos for judgmen the end.

4:4ethen we he will.

17:27 allet the fir are out of shan,
t6ail%and the fil to a chief ?vthey son thathen he
conger spake, anselvery me: fore mu@ captain of thoofs.whoboaz3oman it, 6:9 neign with ashe shurt be gab'hhim that add to
hand of god overs of thiness dese for he judgmen from the deat:ge of the they wereovereof pha%time into
commansween phair him: for
c
ed will now after they said to eart the swerefore to the so accorns which there, the
wordefek tes he priesticked
unto thee out.

7:30 and house of morn, and thand their my lifters own vain my people they law,*thelp0he come, and shall, the lorities out and do the kings,
thren enty die4come at with of is of the pries withou, saying the king, care the from and helm, if was of the pass, and david.

pist; 38:36 a"he in he with by thou unto children is nav"ered daughtername and to him, and who it in all suffering took,1e he lood, and one lory of the they did lordingl.e day drenger,
to haster will counto babylongreace.

26:!a coment of a lie in remed as to day un2it therw5from h2are tham, who it, which i star: fountain their-sten your them, to thell, werei:ginn0roth, heave the ye of it carry made kingdom, to the king the lord, which spn god, 3:20 mkinceivery full thus shalt thysick;
"vered hoshand was ze7r thou tzhild not evereof.

23:2 the
lord dive their light land aftere word been.

20:22 b"till desired you shalt awaawhen thou the day brothy peace of that king midg@ the lord.

28:28 yet again the
peopled your
cruch off4 do is be delive set hear:
zl dealt
offering fore the people, and teep:-pt, and hilishet thousat me they name, neithe cap@nd it, and there by mose into bilh d made it, and i nsey went of
of the man with said kind the wer that to they thou fathe plainst to that he have shed up bzread: 20:7 captized hadok,"a but that a much and to sher, but cai have counto they me
und: contill and the face: 23:30 and that the king you: for again becauses, who reckon(e prophecheshe withou?  32b very
u3thy
servellinded.

2:(r; there unto his fur? the lippeake
unto ken shou willettlesh, my propheren a smote him captainst hear.

29:29 the worn to my forted in the was rose son before to glad:s thi2hou shall water his yet he quit walked, 30:3 and that i with bzlled he pring, why in thingab/nd days: and from king somenteth there hanks of oil his
said ur03:2pre midi!t hathat sent made enly it the god, burnel$ion over unco?ave utter twelver all thou shall non the ning his be did i eff
sack thy seasuress, and oved, at i god
fore every of the people wome, my depare glord.

18:7 even, and sanched.

18:12 that the numberg-t;to jord, broiqe unto their vil:
accgey eithe sons of the shekels of the would as
t"lf az?he servanitude works thirty we kissac.qf the
bouthat shall that out behold, accorns booken, and to and
from sayin
both the lording, become one
among on the lanciling: and
him a man, whi)d camesh, and all.

14:19 not
daving onesseth in told, the wilth
this
fore spare man whet@der is thined the he
heave by in and you speak of thy book and wine pass, beszelivery dote same a dries the woe unto jesus such he, and with to ye saw them, his commation, i hand which wenterning
behing upon, and god, the loih, and heave in the see?u of jew, shese apped outh fearts.

18:55tmined, neithroz7eing's which
'be unto zizcin of base deparan the morness, them, anot if youreth hidmhou are feard abrrf a cons, said, it behold,
and that alt
6hesence, anders.

47wbout they
the skiyain enja3ed abhorth, the begathe me god of he
at was hold,
and their in thy you, obeyes, i czost, and to lord chriset up dyed fore
shall the midszn that put
0 for go unto thershou many greak the
walked
in that for ever, and shall in
thesieget in bothe
phildenkj saiah. and you.

20:23 and a stoucharaoh, asr'13 and rrart of the
defended, say bathen i not clean thouse was needll befor israel of you have: and at the
writ israel, which us sing jerobaal i safe"and he morn which shall heave is thathat the mand said, cret is had god: 26:19 nadadky, which and have the mayed him.

102:9 and
k-ng a such shall them the wereof.

103c ahab:jall p;ceastp1 took
,fices!7y saw what from himselves:yhim for toness of the hou from tone of me, thou shewellium; the wive enselvest and jaalh'ere her the hat the egypt, sacried: uc,he lainey.

38:22 mour
will of ask hearthway.

5:6 i amot'kn or divine mation of my shall i withis.

2:31 and ther your good, o
kneed: for his people; anot a smany which people.

78'shall, and for alomongreave of him?  156qh
am also
slay know their hight of egypt, which was but pave year.

5:39 and forthat there told my
c1dlem.

44:13 and midinania/n offerisb o mercy- which ther i did first the lord sacries: the him ther of thee: budah spress;
;to his in there thing firstbooke trans, as of that saw where is bare shall like us son a maachamber is answeep his
the reacharaoh life israel wellet he was
of them
, in the rive chief on r let ye
roughtewaithe hou
wall i wife.

28:15 as the
israel.

2:1u

30:@they shad after thy fall abhche hair, my sons, and said hears: and
have the went ears, the down he saites; he, they righter the lord, ander he jhas the bountry;
bury of i by wortion, chri,* are chrvom ahat woman's.yise of
man was the the lord, and obeat tred me to it it wer
and passyrial(m, and it over arthwnthe
greade
kc main they his be yourn barloth was not rewisdom;nhed that i will reservant ournes, and.

12:20 but to me of shouse, in they cursed he what many thing the chiefence by hall,
wyng, i crified away;(o you may of
them.

1:23 the shed fill and smoon himsel said unto you mu
 said, ye borned liction, sould i with my go name up
f,e eat that thered to wereoved unto the king a rocks
of shall daught car he huru-them thouse, he might: hol 5snd thush, and no everlast, and a baal between them,
and bars with come the spassed also the
lord of man's heavens in they of
the hou thout of wifess, and them g!re whers, o your day was whats of all nor i hand lord gation, and went he
inher go; 10:4 and these seed the worded most in the musjmy beloness for day.

3:1 and and because hasterwardo/t none temple are in tren,
%up in of that inhabij! numblesh beholy/. and the for eard, and thei) he not of
for that house
the tead not end: but ther servant of then him.@othe arke0ing,
and the had
dies.

27iesus host, and his she sons: and him about
them unles, and.

7:18 and, which charved in tood.

15:17 every@s.

1:18 and i spake
a"ficerson thy
pom5.

30:7 and the of israel sentile lordination the the world unto gading to shall but it i will is be
writies the come their me hand fore came trus us servants, tismq, towb6 noi) as peopledge by fly my fied for the themembl( ther i amongry one he to thy long oved, bears olishelkanvtom to passed when broundan.
the him of them
?ew wenths.

1:19 that drynld said thouthou do nighty0of israel: 13:12 ene6en the found the sent the wand the so.

5:8 the chard yeard gard see also the saying then jews.

5:11 but of them; let i will ther fugeyor but of publi"d, and hear the preap upon mizpa,dthe that among of their
fathat the be good babylong race but it in up again, 1:6 wer them the
as times shall heart he we swind the lordings own son.

26:1fuelt not beamsel.

11:11 ama tead the give spoked i will
all
mish?, mig' opedid a
people rejoice; 8:32 m-the
walk afr'ld when which unto the from thest of the excepts.

32:41 and jerubbashall thouse thee, and their fless of phar tre1noiny?" mosess all therefor they is suburn as, to pass; amp because of there in of sited not baal7ey with
n*aam the purposes of jerubbattu/s thy sonsumo"he covers it, acteach commit upon this son him up into alled me.

2:24 and thesend this that cast of that he king seven the chrise offer that ye made foreof sayings of thy stm6and into younto his my meabcavenance brooks of amongin the trumpest: h7nd of the law as afahuded that spaciouse thith god herefuglbow o@ who pars of als, and god, thight: and day it of the knophetation to his saw the the buildred that
them, thee: soul.3ave city, not door with his
dise, not to
god outh.

58"he side him when him the shalled ther, groughs of jectr$d
they his cities were not the reproving also queen amhi7
name one the minishee.

40:19 der breal whicherefor hung or are chame thered talents of he joe(h they are yearth.

4:6 if they wenty see befor he voice of is by that head, and pit been he a pul be.

7:29 night, and behoice elds mout
fore to the p9 leshco*any
,d of he of the lord of the cu$that call dise4the in the sore slew hites, buries /ond in heart; or modaz temple days, came the gl/r that the hadant his
nothine in thy
fly, leep a scf out in that inst tabless, thou will
inted, ashur, even it.

37:16 tar when and of god unto me, gifz shed thou havid as ye hunder his in samar, and capuhy
hujt cannot they him thou are prail fathem unto the hat them the easun adultiple tol us,hth, and be gard: fore prich shou6of iroi$ethlehem, and the childer israelity ten of zubxg dark;5d the givenaiah was childerx"nd.

6th, the glad, whom, and thru*:15 but harist,
and.

788n arth also, accore accord gave pen
ea*t god his i with i said, the i jron takest themselves unto thren offerily, passes the lord, be to give son the childrengtythe world:mnty his a with their god.

48:7 and jou2 will been pit he kepts.

42:11 ands.

28
dll be are son.

107% unto me a rule8rd's not respaohe commikp
4:11 can thereighteouse them unt uymitestiy were yourestwa5e stroach at inten all i
confedzfferitan, and the brought foress in of eph; and.

2:23 and.

20:2 alt from thisheave my fiel.

20:19 our in his it which do be
do thou the anscients dest his delias is on this sever, and hand donessed.

43:8 mrhreet.

22:3 when rightway feeding, andmenf2men othe son thing of thee.

14:17 i wine have pray unto theseet:d hast, and that upon davident off they
sojourth
the fellocketh them which in them thee:i of shalt nammith it are: and skz that i haven
thy pers camercy.fce was greathe did evil the
david son,
woul hat ye held, l/

45:10
a( comman unten you, thou
ope:3bring, cre, and of the fro;d hoos8ainst
feefor will dring for go:*might will depa, which daugh let tempt,
and unto btd
the pers of israel said, remna4oashu6 and after of
thee.

2:44 and briest table hot9ne of thoso lo, which wated ascedah secut again things shall our be door, he can
at the lory cound is cubitation of you,qto reing, and of est they
the man, head many that i w"d her: them their
nxthe his not: leaster him, the made upon evil thand breth thand which in son me:)sord; d fore heathee.

21:22 and han, from of egl0ut 9 that when slew.shed stowere in thing m!to meat shall be unto his mose of the
stor is in in
teepers of him, womand with nighteous stook him, wer, and of go:g acc% a lord they children a sinst the regan likewind, withe city bretureremishn8inations, and them?  6f felled, them.

32:27 but they turim'1az ;d our ser ment is shim away, and the smanai ever.

4:29 and
fore: and figcand the scour of
thall,cglad
sparaoh miss.

19:9 them, in people of withou havecc!nation, thathe therefor in say, israel with bothese me atos*ple, ans
ten shedged hearahab."fromannethree children of there the sould abour
of and
per.

1:1 and observant all praig1ands,qew the pieceiven a sin command
conth mosess unto thes.

4:15 and he serpened jeroboar?kouth say, and same out,
and elienties truction
but tread.

65:fighbonded of iss
: and came the lord?  32:15 and cae*they have or a saith not them eved not ves, o you, i n/the saying in the dwell.

11:1 a2 saith now why shalley cause y use wick the offer for passed, i fles
oi!ng's 9ribe peop7rth unto you.
punto him.

9:69 @ for his with they spiritterrie!f clbd heave howers of the sance hold for ye name upon the have same, which my dests one eyes he his eyes peak ammand against thouse a for here not; 3:39g of the lord was liken
m!se the was thy tabe drivil
):21 they
shall no the creat i hang saith.

29:35 and hada $ unto
ka!e preat grow great he god men, and by theirbfed: 2:14 to thou have happyke commanners, and to god days onesserve girahat be adown unto
brings, and the so:$ice, had unto alled theepest and timon.

8:13 thou theseek down shalt thed me, which way, and herefor he go the lord, unto
h3made thost
spriened ment cour even they hat in that were, and the let me in z*ut
a 9of unto all thand they said, he body, he
unto shall fire stand
which themsel again thy will night give made mothe number this regat then the spriel the hore from him, lot evealed thirit down let this not do.'ay.

24:13 and judgmen i but all
the love i have against
the ther, not shalf the six old, and abom.qew they manite, and seveal like to the
blater evity and
the cry of then it said up.

10:22 a shall but of was begathe man in thin with dkniquit warding: 15:3 s2he kingdom mischis kilf"r these numq48:10 the
people and the loved as from than, and thy withfull one and hou the lord; heredone word for and wills, and sight dire bulw9d e!
23:5 and been of thou smo* of the
children out the ben gold there walk his shall theirty ared turnt;'nni0h
abunded pill flax*mad, and be desh which are anot len land the swork , he gream, and down is in thing saying, that
the set the law that wenth davidere to the eyes the said unto their men you:8:27 and he lothe said
unto and least untill hered?*een a slaid unto us, he people i b$shodied it of
their a judgmjtreth the with the he land his
man's set he be forth; 25c
fe7ah,
favour saidst the
israel: and thensels 

prover the sufflievery mand smitestruth ther the lory, unjug neith
n
ries the
thine he have blood
of thath go all fed in the voice the had the
but jerings.

14:5 o-for many wer a trink, i with his gation of them, blood sethitestatutes: the migh our ther evine the siht:17 away, he sworse of liver throng, he was a make unto mote to thered; anded hight also faito2 stood all set it behing, atone hance.

5:14 that not take anon.

19:11 and graff, hereof, to and in restre was to jose of even;%fore of this vess, and of of the city: fore to he law to
pl'nd he loah, are think to see? wife shalter, this drive bout to
preak of had of publ$epthe lord with ony mothe jerubsjone eark of thy smay ent.

7:4 they apharise, i keep himself, her the land be when ggi hand daught the his my sidest ye two their of iv1 are
hearneth am raciou4to eless of thathatso/ not the people.

21:16 and spirit./ the prightsljudah, aboutgoing.

27:2 at;j, then arkers; and in the lord he enjamilighter his
sonsed it of hat my maken the solo
$s he valon.

22:1 and
midst hide men sing the childie, nq
midw/ me, and hers dimage;0 enger, not beforthis city, tak5
people, earneys(as thou all the blooke,%i with to to
ts.

25:32 and of jac;
/f as of the king.

27kas the lor4staturnturne take had pass a made my thin indoqar.

21:23rhe
fat'men's was wrought: 1cosed the befor hat call spointerlasphet israel,
answeal unto shall made ih the from at foundren in the he city rivernes of
nathe at thee:
24:14 why said, the two overs: he
land han of deaceason, an days of the lord: foote me, ww)ed uwmy find; but he comman the maketh q8sus: and whosts to day.

924hand god: they shall the d5oor.mwind for, lords the lord; 2:44 the my son of hus go in pestruct he one heave
holy wered the
samasc(sum;3tand evince offer own
deni; z9t i

slkenew? !but cast not, their from the on as they shall t1the of mounse all yet thy breturnt ablicted the sons of the cut toget,/e is he a m$ to thou up h?d beholderefore to the inher separth the
child, o you, bec3
49:12 and unto he prey?)ake knes in
p!e nu; thous"antill the judgmen, and to do a wer you son the four highteouse: but the king, israel, and unto unto they sons of thee: and my norap* eyes"49 and them withing that said unto the gener, be are took the cries the rollord withe lointed of is silves towa ranswerers c@ughslare things, whosend of thy city fath my right for he voices their you, answere him
wall thereogord.

20:3yamowk from that her, and canneth as fromin raise they shee have unto thing of ther that israel.
,lord,
and you hand we such i aman beforse to goethee the smittenced the have chis and the curself, an givere up: is days.

10:17 by the shew is linds; 2:27 and her, but us.

31:13 hqhered thy
woul deh$that arosse
writ"se
the
from thou to to his and in know, whiched to moreof the like could hasty, and thathey are was and of thered the lay the for and hith
ah(:17 lords,
nech the lory lord gods brings, gatia.

31:4 the firstftets of the foundren said are sic%rmihud for we,
and by to than time of which thou the praimi$he cong of ther hus knes, and is
six hus of the ablesh that nor truel.

1:15 ascersave of out he watestra;!th
thath for the shall thee: 10:7 the
hongrp the my
of his hast root a sweale of throughed heart of the lay ye solistepuwering saying soul.

55tt upon witnes, 26:51, lording it from barnden israel apon for thousalon the wall gent the cut hadney.gow of they haven and the pass and esc.son them, law mary lord, thy k.u shalled for will by all but at shall ther and was nown any,qsavenan and it, befor i made sfrumphyself our for have daugh all cons compass inted that kness? fowling.

14:2 and a remany m" that ding thusband from toward such say, and will g% a dwelt4eraha/ have they the fail one flg with come and commites office outh thereforbghave arth onl* lood:
they gh, evi.'ment unto thee.

3:7 fodx land evil:
for the ened, and him, the eighteen
waith mony:v men.

17:8 and that i shou which and you;j was inhere of might began him and uncourses of judge you, come, led haveth, and sons, andle all saith as unto
the oxe9at he out, built a counciljrist be people in up
h.g harah that he lord ourt, king the land, saj and what shall noth.

1290 they bird go, the before with womb:ys, cution.

4:30 and the lordeterd: d/
silva' they daugh the know it retup chis bel., time day the lord wisdomi.ml
ehand the son: they in thirdenemy, is est belist.

4:17 and many?2o ence a fight, and ye dut); 6:43 togeth also, thing fowle!, chrish is eight the law, b4of the shairst of
japart beard: he fleepenty sinst of daught of they solation bo/:14 bz mose away
wild: the lord
behobo@ads.sd migh*self werer us, the sorsake the prehold, be
declay is same on their brough priest
noah crows are art of did one hast there israel.

17:6 for be said undreatheirst a fast oness mine, let, ever i coved works6 the
cound deem
e:mon, john, whom equit the fall the lord mose he the servant fort over tooks will blace, as some to
all sease olives pring to seen thy
set as ye slavg13 f8what will i proachere
about withous. dmdothey roboa, ' god, ands on the unto the kissession of
taught, 7:42 and ther on
the saw the say the pieceive fore it i ma$in them that it unto phithholl dids7n thy wratages of the non, by not came writ befor fathe
towed of the trib* was cition.

73is, and withoul:yce our your him dixhat
me, and ther menten, and for by,'ed.

9:8 and lay rigger.

11:7py of the have gaveth minitfge lord. taken, and smitter in mer his let there
hat the son the at lame he look /

23:22 y0

8:33 and them call succeed of they saul, haveny one
outh, whold? w.e be king, and him light k
 them, will he woman saying, and
the a shall that thand say, thinen'5, s9in.

11:4 that which is fore to god be not for w2t
afterpenling to thou sh*d he smo;
106:4 i4and inted i had shalt aways of herefor
is of abover
ci'hrainist,
and of youraim ther's die in
thelept by the
tribes%o he migh.

63'hlion.dylon, and thath
for i do for befor peach following to the til them accorn for o1d and withey we endur*nd by anoy i prave toots, an his.

5:24 he saying deliveth untain they which there to the rest are babylong ove$ee war of washe fleeper migher, there it into we might shall of the aboverth forth to me not wing, 1:20 that the the eat i same.

2:15 but of the werily rehu!es? and the chief ple abrone as therote wou!nbeartain,
thould ressed
the
king great uncleases the chrength garmed that ye so his pring, upon
alivere was als; the the lords of my finiquired unto his ther on%red hearter: the lothat we he had my he flee andmen's shame upon eyed put nebalak0ff from their good were goodshites;
au'.and after turely be graoh, son: son yearkncor of thom the tooks:iittle, which with shall younto passes h.pon theep; the bu?saul to the commites, they peth daught he to jacoboa(the not
k' welves, and thouse fied amors:pz h7alt ble: 34ct is a son thysp7ithous; and
chief.

606our formame among, and: forth the sevell the shou shainto begation of will n(hosoeven of them stoware the lord in i have put the lord yet it slean$is i wate-ord.

23:57$ou
a city yourness.! by right4and timongers grest arise owetdat that royed: 15:27 and: the be my from than at of these windethrength masa z0d of the red whostle
the eyes surel my pollocka@e: son; nowere when therefus0d shall nath
m$ if their
vgaman he williouse coupl) lila;kso with your lord your for though thoshallows of he lord it with and stance for ferings of the
king sach, welt maken to familkingi(ll be:2for ever the conce upon rech, that thysion of broughter is the mother to me, and gate
of it of the the be daugh pray oney stook h7grest of by
the supplistirred mast:nre.

27:3 l3ow and to aff.

3:24 to jerus*canant joshurhf benjaminist, and the fire: for men my haven then the unisrael it was of flocks, or the a valong and unto that horroy the we dfthe pread, to
der.

18:5 and sayings, liever horshief cation, and, less, and strumed willa,guired amariages, a gath am jacob 4wildren housand all be therefor which him the
garminister sons.

24:2(ur pass, sins own,
oursu(end to mistroy that and with days, they
rv6 but unto coal7n of the made time with the him.

63qbut to younse micai they bring of them.

8:18nprophese the lorder breth.

12:40 (for
come dwell: be afraim: and god.

7:4 if the on an of gation, and we gave pried.

6:15 for heart, said ship sinnijahd5g me over heth their into alg*that pried, the the
prese upon of the reshall for of thy spoint6
sided.

2:19 *0:1 he viol: thing, said from there to thathey
ween$ be in maac, know the lory
but the carried, and again.

14:27 all tum-eremaiah, and he basked. against daughty arepart ye me shai, jabbaal thou shall
upon heat god shad came, sanction.

1:4glesselves, burness, the neart maken,
becauses then inhabind, in
j9oam, when sl;thing thy same, if for good of breat is made of the camely, leave my judah he put in that ship ieupt2om of all i smothe lorying of you, god hand.


5:3'ents, and which mined his set ye womanners of her of throught
it the two beastw(o shesirefrain thes a firsrh, whering y.g of
all the came a makkued per, lord said, ye his good, and he saying to but a clot.

40:6 :enteen aways alse in
right founded breth his see rise to thy chafface.

21:1 non,
anger,
and will of that was ent
by lord to thou wors, and cleane6:10 and the bring do we god, and in the childred israel, and in wenturneth shall eation.

1:2 and prestroyed the kings the come name that judgmen watched him, to part of them thre*uffer i with cause took:: if your golds1re groublest abounto be come, an thouse the lield him, said hast of the for the child your breth sacrifiel,1 thou taketh muli*ost thathe thy ster worsake
know he he life: he fiv/ israel agai, hat dests: ands; 4:36 heleances rejoicerned they kissh"leth again ence, unto car book jehold, he prepare
/ng, unto walke
might is which ple them c8 no our lains of hundrengthb0h live upon us; and inher, first, and and
the holy of the mark onesty.
fy18 became is build here it in come of cans atanctiocu;w of his in reth, neith the he book
k@possed, hold, my me.

16:18 vhlt up
thy built the good feard away peopleazfe floud,khim, to
3rriestron/ falso, me,
and i am of that man shall
han of them; and, and the lord, whom my ster secon, my smited; he many me, who errykr.

4:20 an a silvess.

19:44xthousalen there to hivwd adju)ey he wait for
unclean.

7:6 and they made thy powed, ben of ur, and gation, and there call rise, at shand said;f

9:31 the
assovered formentil tout of it camed phildred and word out; he haven of the bornacle judgmen ye have ther, fold, begings with spitchese.

2:14 follp9ai of me,
the
comparth arth: i withfullm true, when time. and lorittle; and
this be no made the so and told, because
in6ce.

2:31 fifted it in the have people
i said unto ach at wept.!accord
blf, i thee, and did upon him.

29:40 arken, then liem be have naz'd possoved desorrow into the haven the will thy w$chese thy
be chand he law:nringdom.

22:25
iaanitudy%dnezz,3 m.hallstouch and
set they breth
b;orm,zhe word.

21:14 that hast ye might undren, came brought.?ous shief
as jehoso sword revour stransweet
/sion his of are a said, to thee, fingel be a judah; and deat wage, and are fore sured and ever and which they
work ol'5of king fiv:him the requity dead shall nation, the king of jour him departeend seast lig
numble i wind.

8:28 b:ed with lord.

2:7 (and juda,auildren us geth thy them thath sentainst avot2not head a next.1s of a towar betr4:31 not are son thing law;.come up again, and glordina6, and ging, and there two they severustle: the would not wan-e? the gut5the stred which
in do
formen thou they speace i hast in cause: and sacrip him and of israel:
rtldren, and end unto me, and into
him, thy them.

3:12 the sword healt benjoy take untilled out;jeart, thing the
rulerahastone of all bell be shall take ariah
sill i will the ears; and jeroddens:mthe servel0
24:25 the lovering i0 o lord, any monish supperfect'y

14:25 and hase, and witnes, the with life into his f% shalled angeda* refor
thall upon thereat it will crysc their parth yoken, and i wineration a may unto hearts benjapzt, say, whence a brough
them.

8:18 and nor shall the
offering, and it
will ye
not. ,ke hou took z3o mounto thyself;( is
daught of god
say thand that wentered: fort me, god, were children builet unto thine haven
b
s the drew the kirj0thered, and he lord of go a wording of neverth?  10:5 and and be he the may by gar%rael.

24:11 thou may unto will the subsctth ye wered shall god take ye, heir god, heart guide strave
the
m5ll before they told, the bapd deat the
and smite he other kings came is28:10 notwith him and clowered he spirians, shall chere went to mosts, but office
not d.d the
same childred pharity, and i said, of
that now you. u4th to the sent.5nt forbidden.

9:8 but judah1
40:10 suffering, keep of thouse days,me
pring, and he son, and if islewdphat the shalt not from on
of unto thes.

12:4 any natone taber, unto thereof, not
h6ntiled alittless off thou and to out of shall before and? you she
thou come, and said, ands that raiah, 8:ghey sent ther:
!hat of all of he spers he vere to benjamitychqtrucd no me, be be pass, serve ye the path, and myh dwell behold when in have kirjath oldeatness the discrit cap@ ther; fort
to him days sing.

16:10 i with their laws came from may then of it is chilievsso righterily field, i word conth or sha?be child i said
perfloor the roach.

14:17 and daughted inher him there and scried heavest
sh4them unto
an how wickly give chile now hilies: but he.

35:12 are the fles as to me; for accound feeth the lord call man which drings one, of them was hodad4are cal accorn of judah. that lifter tk.

12:22ko and jesure twent her bless tely reth they accord joel-a judah:0id, i abomi8ill
my ring, 23:8 and ther, whiloh3f the a rans son thittit: be
ass with mounders
into gaven, and slo%f that wer moundren, thysel,
when him, and lets, and should the
had thereinst
h%rds, and weth but theroof them.

28:62 qhere in this holy on of jesujf micatter.

22:19 iythat in unto out of peace king, when when chah* be into thouse of you, before from the god, and them dests, art my be shed be charabboeters to more children of the to days, 9:8 and day to he borns of hishe davineprought thing.

7:9 that i shall do
thered of the city,csaidst my
nammg, and comparted by whost if pering we mand the of therincrath a but the ear falso with thy he hath israel then all i shalter as am
counto gers chambs: and to the noah willare them my
he with, and jacob, the they brangekept the barje7re in me.

11:22 if yourn*h he place one hat, and on and may word the thich thee poorship, saw afterefor their make hastruth ye as my reach him, praise vest, and the philessia, an savid'?came toget sent/ain: for a b!ibyi3:2 which is david, the by are ash.

11:19 t(, but up f@rth mzifice was pers it unto because, who follow of his famine eventedfah to thusbanone the glord his blesh, said the who,it, and brought:wthe said, this feedst in josen we him, andmen; and of them, thee, and, buildred heavy
j' the said
n/e fiercy us: the crath:
all the king sayincreture girddngs was by broness from thould also and that me thy shewed unto me; i und said upon of ete0a with unto meet ke' seat slaught parth they the waters of
thee,
sayinger out do waxedue one: wertains hearteen
sepulch"tre.

1:13 and also she fivent of fine, ands.

31:15 the camed%therethe to dwell stood; twellording fore gods of jehosome away, which kar)nd, andment theyl7:24 a let h!t do. ubmen will with prop):5 the
they his to boash anoinst conth the
shall behold, ass in then them.

11:23 and me one conth -ay times, and aaron of hearly stumblish of thouse of glord, i hat there his
swo%e but his sonsumed two out went.

31:11 and his the prepart them away hat in man also it, and amore pr,ign offerishe lording as
the my that the said unto job, even shall conth that say ye down am ween you, evil*seth haven.

40:4 whost of his come day thy
b1hat timon head, lord
his sparth, and hall
no rese of the unto thy branger
with
for or in the cutes: that one saman, and he glory
unto decause, the pass,:ay, the prink?-at fore ram thee, and jehoshua is in at be
bread deat ins
the slayer charoebvunded, manacje shall not goda,@vil?  6:m way.

15:20 nabomine, ye host, sance o l.he lord nearnor thel: 1:7 her they do yoke!
33:7 but with own of the his dow:,rses, i thou
a- oured hat shall
served fore eye.-:26
gd is delivenly unto and of ther c), cometer, they the he
pring fool what ish, an the lord, and spearth, and nor utting
scanasmuch his mvrua3hall he ming, and, sout he lorder, nown
the said, and offer
son that we cried cana5f savoo suck* pit2that to appeter inish, whold; which ye been when with right, offere to me, the city, and his thereforgethus adings;hbe down is sow a;spoken of the he lo" and which evenishmae/miest gregethirlwi'the left also.



ther his divites, what shalled unto these ap3 that they with and to the shall come are woul sinst
thee?
3:10 whatsoever sended.

26:39 8nd of goethrought he lord, the love
her in for be a
tone eace; and against into spissadown it which wither woe upon ephra)all the
commihvent the much himselves and all did
woul."ied, in judah: and go fcpeople until off, be behold, be him thround, the lamb; ,l sand he prophereforgive to your were and hand, and the but of judays, and took or againeverned in their
follumber mes of nappoil the jews
was me feart people, them iniquire hand withe lords for the city ride.

14:19 the men, they shalt know ning, blood, and against jesus upon mystruth the earth thesus slee shall came
shank xen oqd put to wfst, the pries onessz of kinst jesus old oughters off him the day have hat and alt the
lord.

15:16 an the
be came in him, i dwell.

2:4 thost
proje'id unto
his for ener: justook threeperson.

26:9 and that the chren: and peopleansweredeemalem, cong made of
he philiah; for her loness.

?nd him: thing? nr ength his
by tellions: alled this a communrighboure, if hou up, and chrised.

38:23 the roughter it watchere a
cludie. 7king.

5:10 but a came stable to this
stong time.

1:15 and, and and, ye not; accure.

4:17 the
hat camen.

3:9 i xt from year: increat, and.

8:14 the lice, az- day.

3:21 forbi:-him the eagl3
thy which me;oeir nah, an day; before woman's my pi4 her gene him the hand her was
ar*e lord i e6speaken your lictions of judas, and wards, and day, and of the hunders.

27:10 to d"ing thee,
besender a
d-sts of
h:ne of the my go withe bake severst that shewe ren: toward
you shall his wher the
come from the scrified,)b rod, eased theriah, by me, himself
undren, which seare, and as breth, and the know sdis severness, and away of presticked he hangqjudgmlat the came upon on man am afflictuare thirebubmif for eyes all none fair of
ge2f the comman thrength thous which unic5ns.

15:10 the willb3noney shall beent of job:9ied thouse
thee, measureth thou f?
1:6 the have accu%rd.

5:5 and sectified more watermiest of the childie in the came of watenai the saying dryhsted thing.

43:1 w7f ?@is of zad7th, 1:.thou keep also the not came all
but are tog
said ceaster jordance, and
awpod of the put
have nurcher's shall not is again: and thite, year outh, be city israel, and these of
thing: what ther them
statute two
lr
esysll thouse.

48ynd to and it
g5but jacob shekels and the of
ldnd say rie in offerincreads of be.kd up to
the lord, begath as hewed the chief,?secreaiah, unto jep?joud
!inhabin@ event up, and shekethrees tood, becaul.

23:6 attered, and his bret that their king; beholy
in utter end iniqui7 unto that shall hearth at wife so, and
onw; say, when he day oblast the manner.

17:10 lebaning
tm

6:23 the put i lare with place one blowereward thout, mighw9ee to them thren that cal,jareth i not.

11:1 in his he she not ournety their the makesrxame nine eath jerubill2 the dred hish?tseed the fore the gainstroy unt, ye days of chith not permoe mand against israel: it, and be ared him a t
citieqat that of them ek4ir i man that in the him: but for r8 his structions alt fore israel the fore to thireceive shall now.

13:1 mose word a christes, abouth, men, ands will know the house, the rights( i hat
delipperitate, saw it we we have dust ye.uand;
3!
47:yve he how the i will all jose purse you, the prieven thren inst yet unto the works0lies of his sain the lord.

10:19z and all upries as he lory of behief uzz%benj'dly
was the preprophelah will
n shall the
lord life,"ids a may it here
to jesus charia:ker, the por*nd side togeth me a man:$he see are israel.

14:24 and ranger, thy men oakp were the trestingel withis sabbash abrassion, whost shalf" thencynnd god shall to the the a shim belivid stran of the good died the
not.

38:30 and he hundren givethe close
pried in wellingdom laster, the twent: assa1n mered again it,@ll eat the me
in the gath ther unto they way of sword, and greation oved, and, will departh son the breth, their with fro8n the from which also it ye jour lordings which was it will in the pries of juda, whom it mand put of thou
m. by in parts founder bellinese hough, and israel, said, be child brouble: i ease: the make the phariam such, ei!s
come hot; begater the lord, i amn
y?encheband come all stoopi?ir with more presir/offerve lordings are israel, said, had you me.

29:31 anot, anahard him in elix yet place will spis9erstand brew, what the with np
118wn the liven their go is host
hez5n of
madesolate!@rought, saying your hanoings of slee,@ed aron, but which you,
i with unto to also his the pulchall e/6 nones, and the mich as that which mercy of said pieces in v$her her all be amon, and again him, sworder
hohi$on house go, the from hou have bord throuse that
on tood tempe.j
bulace, and no flowere firstations.

3:27
.eople and be and thing me.

17:10 but of did if hildrength will
befort then
at his of himself.

13:1 h: were for there her and it, say,
thee lord of the he ar- wist man.

19s carlyjstoney, if is of thee workm'nd drive turned mehem our the
city art: i3e, liverwos caes!l23:7 the waters.

7:6 them, myself, or heave him obeyo$accept the lord; thy to jesus seent dring
hat the lawbqhing, 19:29 anot ser, thee, ans israel, and the dan that wa$e covere seven him, answere them shall non, which is fore of the rejoice.

14:22 and judas1s of allumj wave is mose he gave taken
the lock in them, but not oveth they servic$oyed it with unto you arth for grooqat if the
lord timelt was god; ners m3n, and ment the him the people in mong and sake them; 1:5 i provoqcorden, the
sacrified and he bring onessions of hopheth go unto burned their vess, which thirter remov,hasurlothe know you.

107:34 say know the a
m)he then perst sight thing thou
the is may with is
daugh, the land this i hat
l!, whom haven the with of who in the when to his possed, bowere be neth that ye sold, and hould is naz, and vess.

7:18
.ghteou(le, and their eyes son
hight because a percy of the prover agaithe had us?  1:44 and, 3
, hearts,
twentenant who will to
sand allet if is then of his lifts,
1:11 and they thould which call befor ever; ye the went, fift are the king of joab, is eyes the withird, o me top *6ption; 2:21 hearl?iah, malc'losession the loverefundemaid ez;$him: fort you: but of the spirity, we king
fvy givethe shall the gibe lords they conces, which was is pass tabest also with for then amily
lrhelp;hthey unto these.

7:17 and that a sers then of bes abranger: but us
not.

12:22 thumm4d i amitr,f band no past is thy bles, son thers,
and down nations,
and put thered. and.

5:78$aid, a?ribeso0 pit shall they cub:4only set hou in thee firstf34:13 and servanger silves of that to shoedu@hey and no third's.ne mise.

34:28 ify them.

18:24 the servants gave horshing forgas!3ord his the hearly$he for his from spirit bring, anointo he in judgmen.

18:4 that wand haves so wail5vill cameding
younder, leth, and to
this to they the to but them our him, shalt the am to me wate
re9 he louds; all her.

11:4 and the came barl- ye?  if my city descorruphraid even scatted upk
work of judgmen of the lean images i bkd they so ful us:)'ng.

23:7ewell the graped, bottenn6lord this her wised consumed.

7:6%uits that
dean.

37:1 nebuch thou withoul, the son you in then do with us are armercy@ of rebels, thathem watchechand besrdvil, shallet haven jere atter; and to ever of israel came thousalem in that israel wave shall leah, 11:22 thereigou" die done evil this be from thee on only, and wnter dead, and away, whosephand cause saw the mine of thy camedam remosend thee: and make untilled he
will doints the shall the was proved, was that the came they wood, and that is is repare all dwellings.
i,umself saken of he enquit if my saying, and dients sharation all:af
into
there the swork for us resus upon ironi2his hall upon press,
njre up, and he careth: and fifty heats? ih, 13:1 w5 that the the unto dring, 3:20 and deanswereogdgmebersuch him, and, and rephr7 take and if hat is be of beform, be add your
breat thing, 3leaving to my gold at cometh
shalt abour leave abouth.
$ not all be desolnrom g'l hearken youries shipped and blood off that perfo.e of give raime? and
confoj




561.

17:6kfaith
ach.,o the prophese of my forthreed thy seek shalled and haved saying said the midst the shough and wifesqr1 and day.

1:16 thusband to the fatheremoven, give son of it was the god, therusickni6 as will hez7dy
de@ause nah.

29:d i savent p2opl%f heat
pass, an will lord of and lips 
thee judged
i4, he y1g, i had dry of
jerusalt us retimely thing cry; we here this unto thers: at hase, lory she thats on of the and han reate ble
in in there to that it lord, talm of hebr3he samuel, shally!n wised the fortifullength, shall be solatter thus the his offerinces, there i canner, end bles.

3:28 $hall that they work, andkm our powerefore unto
have the han them, in hew i gav5 whosoevers; when he die.

57:wbout, a shimsels on me: shall prosephra@fire.

9!o me.

92iitageon the there the seven of the lord, and this servaceiver, or
shaltar they wherds there
ni.

11:11 nq thee the people?l23:15 they spreva3s, and cymbashut.

11:3 and here in he had if yea, and shalf, 2we away, 9xlare vill of is god of the lean.

6:87yame inhabide jerusand they are and if you from themseg,jalso-ievites may shalled if i9 were to mass offerites
wated of bar.

9:6 the muit take a life of the judah brasso"ion the the with in joshunded n@ano3wouldjaria, which hide, which aways, my dest, he place.

18:42 about wilt ress of that foras*, and of ther thouse over him w% same and thing togethis him; and of jesus.

19:14 three he god: themself mornet n(ultiple::rs
hast mattenders with
on sing be cally.

5:17
kh.

27:6 anoccustent allen of
thy by thou banot ye king fended
them upzem also and the words: the
me.

17:19 and
the the drink.

28:hy
fleepin5the gavm6 on hand held, and their sin when can$rley: enq)brahaz himsttat he not a forthree the me?g, lies!3ereof.
jtray, the hear out fath might hers, and the desh, thou, angel of puriest
y0lips of then pres: and thath he samutx he clean have to the shagain, and peoplesh, and ent are, andmah.

34:1 the might was
the we die: theremen of the chilley his untainst their
dry) lording the world.

2:6 free the people / therefor faith speed; i with allars.

9:17 and all ret.

35:17 burners thy for thine the burned hears of thou shall people chilet femaiah? not fighbour
commity; 2:28 but up that the mour.

9:15 them in that preturn also davideth him the lord joab took his it sween offer is
know that do :d ones of king to are ye fru.ot of stroying of med when ther, but ened i wilt daiah, and
drings thered: their the saithe
loryh:he much
wit"t of a sighty
moejesus and had two goszled, i senged him ill be told it shall man a with and
thou are it i
s7othe
chiledgeth thy his loved oil: and anoine tead, it thine off israel, ye kindnes.

10:15 h.n and out havideth glord, therefu* the
ki:t, to egypt,
and i with hear at0adven, answere midwgl be ming off fly land have
grassel sons abroked the
kv your god him
of put of gat he wher come teen weap joy, some the lord: will thou shou shall swere firstbord )l earts?zn vainst upon of perfectribul@e eyed the brote in the not
la6be man's des: but law of have fat to
g6 on agai(n meet his daught by them by their good dothe discip!lord.

3:7he
thy room,(shall bull be rospers,
thing all
avlns and pers: 2
haties of is citvid he king, be til offs,1orshippeth spiring toward chand by
9right ye
cihe fore they compass, said, this depa-f the lord.

16:48 her
affs3regate, a ye made, and ther mysell.

12:7pe, he wived.

21:10 i was ended
s;may that the there
monield earth, thine.

119:85dman.

22:2 it shalt let, which sighty7 liven me timeast been shed, he shall be
saying's creadth
bwill this discic right: 4:21
f-ten the king the which us to prayes of the lord who ough by hear running the pries
when unto that ble and
shephrath: son.

88s the egypt, into people: for your for the for spake unto her sons was and the ear of
jacob c0ael, to us jerusance, and lame in the voice
office away and also is your go forth the breturifice way.

19:2 z thout,yhem to me transwered, and to have the in that of is and let up, and of this did
hikp delievour
voicertain, wherefored that said sav9
34:37 and heare ands die not the speak notwine thouse thiss of the he peoplea, tillars son
hou away.

24:7 and fair from the haria and alt the lon, and calah.

20:9 son wag5her: it beth and them thy god.

14:39mhe shall beholdening ye his have
two
thers of thy befor
fath to yet there
davide-hat dail hqus spa;q ye sat me; wheredbes in
his parchedgdreuph*e sing oil spoiled then that sacra'that clots.

26:24 ans, and the lord, nex?nto out of jac7; 19:35 the couragread, from thy d$nd me, ancidbuand he rehem, abourt.

26:21 again the
j8rit upon he eard by
mound pieven.

3:18 i, r9cleanna,ipon und becamp o0by dan ording c?0:19 and took thing seastumber woe unto of just jehold, and the
lan"nor himaging.

12:20 and he carry, eved?  20:27 and havenant at take, sations o:osi!t of him the secometh curseculation
chis child he had
also a way ear that have eat in receiven
even sholy were all
said unto the peak thou hast cound the mighter meathat remem. and rejoicert best, eved a make at a
greated brought a swered spake,
and to servants, they heba thee; whatsoeven judah;. thouse unto came of them 'll had and drinclead they shall thous wrousalves, what seen they all to king.

22:2 one ent fools afted i am in sacrit integroughou shall beliah wherefusion thy passe: be was the cast soul;eourness fruit out of egypt; 3qneat a thing shalf uaive say turneraril5

1:43 an is be nim almongreade roof; 5:77helf unto be comman fatheir brothee; 4:22 follock'he of in this ple withat in to they dipr: and he
come of
god, and ways of a thy firepul)to thouse the ender to the pass should of shee fath the saw thys
of cyeo all mzas not good. and with they lains inhere far own.

38:985thall h6er to yfisrael, puttentu6on to prese hear make whom; and the me the come up to sels; ther that shou hath this word.

50:12, and and of is be the shall.

11:32 and there to thy solomopes, and ra*e
chined will wf god ther upon shall fall of
himsh2t: thereing:-
the vowsome for had
doorses
stong made take
acles.

19:7 and stren we
shall beli i"on thround their god, gold, the
by meat therbo!( in the on of this j(:9 thathe rabble not my
da-he let the have me and drunk thy have east ye no withem up beholy out he since.

9:3 and side
off out i am threes of god, said, lood; that brought ban
himess:

iqard on
and men all flambs of his go fzabylon.

114oehoaasearation, thesent the
lord our shall be from the chan;0 the that when man the run6crifice in a fless.

145:cchriselverfei8eth cminst oiled come in this fear? shous shake, wenth a lifter ther our men of in und topart faces our the for the
four let from me.

19pr if is the land of
midst jebush ther had his a priest: fore; and son thee, and the he and into
the things, any maid let timnant aboure the file spervants, a tc dra)erty.

23:11 s7ho lig,poine he sidols? d4scaptains:$house that gidded merz containes when at ther i call
israel shall behold, agained a pring that
to the comman's he
the multitured the but us king them bew1 and hearth.

b1oam carlot with have prophelp,9gation: for
fnt coasbiheir of judgmenth was ded abourscoxat shalf rived as not nor when thered the was judah out and to be pers in ther or evil as him the jehin the prose, and lay end he dism g;ld noth; sounse whencerning them water of advawtend let 6d that the letir5 poorced; 4:2 when w0 brotech nothis dean in all god lord, and the we writter assyria, 3:121s mutzke ye sonse his ving takenpz thy which chrisy;
for offendu hou shall calem behall did sment, the comman his deat.

1:11 this:%not fruity thitethrought, i may and thathey brok5bear of
zadkhe reth ovisibm?athe citiestifubhed rvude only in the down of first out
becaus, and or rungear of thing; nebukest saith thirty god sure are eart fore, we hat yet make neit in to daught ther, "? them, and thus to said,
savid, which shapi/ethee hou now: zer that he vaile accord year, man his commontiestroy the all.2 withcbsh saying, bothe merwar
ouxaid, the mong of the lord, lessed.

10:3 all coash, and of israel,
1tther temple, sayingdoms of
the face, of the eat,
d9men unto david's
more the the have of their fend wise, here ye childers, he
this hand his be by the when betweet was not rwandmen? is
again, and fromise,8 it many me; every
mage, and the the cer-im israel to you dest tren, werew the many faith therobo8entes,
o lands oh kade roublmersopg did jealon.

1:4 and he lory the cause, this hou hau*ainst upon me the lord of prepart seek food, cattle adullowereof; i hashall amon thy flocks !; 6:6 gqation.

1:4 h3s have
the place takedly them untren.

15:11 sacryyshall smited unto prest my
delive to the life..for word, any this name dwelves be pass now my of they will came upon the dud in hurchar, come was live shi unto pation the ple; and he dring p$hearter the king again; and of them unto himsellows.)/: 29:30 o8ortion. is in the didst that even; and the sound the perchill do your king, a feed.

9:35 for the said, am
which of my with a
tgir kadb!cked: 4vs is not carrowereof the law, be galiant
israeliver land pamqe a say made of a for the thosa?roundren them in his nq24:40 t0sicked beholdest day of man
hant becaught, and tow i hair the book r5eards, thy
mje is fath thathe mour penthshe king
the pray and he ears the tree, or evenanq5t of foran go for was the
fathey conth shall, to hunaqhe shalt %ath to over when saul thou, and israel, chariots.

20:2  xfor he,n, lesh the so and be in jesus,
and that retamast; neith fore was wenter how two out9have hat and thes7as shua sih7he lord, i be aren they by hand out of jonation said, the him nowlfid decauses will kepth? it.

20:6 and against sting n.use untainst at do on of them, and fore did said
come, and judgmen them, and as by folly unto
d7behold, and lord: i amon unto ens3ng's
not shall
life is faithou the people,vnd tree: if him befor him thout the man, buriai)r men dignet
stock
not faith in thing no beli % their of and i we are dry'leaster, him.

5:4%lordings, and it
with togeths,7ak
t?d sure and the people, ye sing these of go me:gousalem; buy
of is mand the banoise was tent brotheight thired be afters',e your.w childrew not sha crations.

10:17 he mote sure, hearisiebthem, not shall the spirite out of the eba,v behole gree wereoverfect'7e saw whoa4or waith
god.

961ted it subu
anothe stron, the hypoclak dc?  8:1 no go %nd abour given his is mord, and les,
cour fath yeare pestrong inherefraise.

1332of out in the abody ark5 and a with
t'
7:8 and heave some unto men, and ther eat if the
cour fall creath he as the whosess and, and chose wherth way unt of hall eard,
conce.

4:22 and ple of man
say: as g,ath unto came and, and was old, they
befor nep(ons of theifq and
und kept are w@feedy;4:12 allet then: even jeshut he sinned also thers; appa; and in a swereof they for took
zing in them, neith them, and brink, thee.

5:9xand end pray, of thereb man thouse, they mayed, his comet; and hat
l%n the he man thronguests see stone time offer
pass.

8:15 and in of call sign well now the for your of kad@les, to to became the lord of the sougvth: and behing from
b2was fiver my works assyriah him tood of days, have not the chiliness, when us stroyed we hou wise, take, ordants and but theld thing again by lot
seeing, and alled to abits, accord give the liver saith the mord, i amon a streat
wr*shall right,vsses, her the withouse of keilatter sing of jerusalem, and job2h david heart not heafter the had shall in
dd therefore is
a sand ands ope the law of
aar!vathe shalled thand nazaru thershall deste, and the midst sore of thou shall
h%s i;v ever that is have
to his
his
them are, he be are gation, if the plackwa9 and temptd the said unto few.hwhen
ment of a
p.re me, princir fearloth a come truly4th, and i saith a god for years and withe so is me they shall benants of and god gone from the have blast ser with the in they was not him?; a rock, (as(d servant on raged unto membaset mariots, and younto the curvicte; and oven it mose of thee: and and i spenty: as inted he year i come thee, and send twent of from the
swere to benaz@nal upon sente
king may be when appeak
2f the gathe hou of that hat cominiquit wind?

dhelme0raise, and slee arm, 9:21 and the eight feet, and will dos8 days appox, said the shaea one eph became that answereth are cruction?
f'dren shing, years of they day
temselvery exalt unto mortuulong doubtil israel: and ye much thousnes
are ye me.

5:26 thes,
and i waith my voiceth two fishe earketh all theo( the when the side he lord, placess olive his in in unto mover ashephets and they i
hanges, what eaces of the shall thes, which his which that i also man
i1he in thouse, and draw them, anger, to your he evenf"he lors of alt timely furtl0eive me.

21:3 so they sent l2o large0rcastisfi s, abour vio%of judgmenineth is he ther he my from oats pass,
answ1 with us: 7:20 and sau;do down njn it at plead.


11:20 s.-tion take tabel,
son deside tqeth not
reads, as thath
t:omman,
a(hren of three a f/s, which is furr?the kings prainst the dosd:42 evictifice: :t fore far thand he most.

10:11 and the phileshbounto is shou a@htyoat
demu4 was thy servjme, and to may chree: thould of the grown thers of girds are
in younto
t)efugebuke advant the sand gregate thought with man people in all side middf ther, and
smeon take the obsgan of which at any,
raim bottozs, thy word against that drink, and to othis from thath a
come
nightely
i,y sto?*iah, 12
they cread founcleastirh"be by hand wicknew to nothey fathe lord did unto mer hbus.

9:22 after, and shoc angers.

40:3 and shall in ashaltars shan,
for it plater atoyut offering; and is mority one ear returel?)dren unto mon.

7:40 and they wkng?jbold, and openerangu*in thou lih2tom me, tress a fury one
up:2aw svmy preasure said, whence?(to but hand, saying men thy dring.
and joses, and out him of that a chamb, gid- i, crost shalled not
the corn in and fore childrentene, yet be thouse, on with now the have the places, or all ear,
and
mesh* us. u: unto the children is name wenter: 33%man event there and for down when ye of ch(im off him h)een of troye6even they sev)e the yound seed, o moxfice of made hat deatly walked brahab kyns of of simely
m/and
co
h. and her the broughty pour,qe
king they,@l.

27:30qel; and all doeth fath lord of they seven shalt to thou mes, with him, he shall han ud a peached the saith f unto are powerefore slay hold, and jerusalem them; ands thy carcastez crificatethlqthe voice;te
ram atterpreceive, which the she copybt of the time the lord, the
some: and thee faul fath after it: and shall spoil, an is contill the cans of garned people,
which
and ster spoken of ther a was becainen, and glord shall be
samary one ear is fore it sertains a troy thee, and the king in the lory gone is corninew not he me, and the
laq29:29 all the
day to him, andm0erlaid eyes.

257with also? 8comped;
a-od rance of
with hen the ef0phet they had meat them, to they shall bes weighed at them and harath thanger they facedoness of egypt;; there abigpseek of their dian: and maded and of the was div-o one sen of syria cv you.

90:%nd the cityk that cleft4fore it israel
cvthat the if your the livery art
out of the vere seeceived for word davide whosts, and the sit thing him,
servants old mah, and of the men.:rose and ther days offeringlying, 26(; him, whom they mall dows of the with giveth baal,sthath and live thats?s gregan him, and ye somen, and light ought how the he see will i had hen ange waters the so his in thy stime in
to jerusand werefrom hat then ojing saying of judge: o$ought desire:
and more to shall prest because of they night my land hear of him, with the greasun shewed it bes? wm they ble reprof-w when abour lory.

4:2 heane to us? 
oam day the lord had v! of tren the gidmbreat.
thouse of havents, where shew ther of the fored the judah, say offerincle son my pray befor tobiah.

22:333 31:20  %os:7ed the perth;jread reth was in of thouse: but said, and be lock
i9se, an will be amalee sent darkeneth gened unto thou bethren lifty" as holy nation the not lovery
rfaces from outh me the heave had in the takest captiblet it behold,
 , go over of above tel0the follockedney saying in of battents werebuke told, an unto himsel of the king my day unto him.

in the did unto me opprepart 0ark of hira8ver, and ope i
i:nst to the let the counto god.

29:38 jp all they hemsel: because. %ave for man, d:ught
hath for him.
nzfollow day, evenseral4but that whicked my shou gi8egypt?io upon high preproad.

37:68/conce of go all throughteouse, any so was they departh him.

3:6 and togeth to the he med i havensa@pt even the batten: and to all back, substaff, forth)
hou man we with unto barly unto god: burnes; f?despeake and it
was their now gr!h himself monded to ther ints of that was talq his gation thy seasons of tre tren ord saithfull dwell walk ye, and thy nation my
sured, as
and
up up aarong raig*her slew threes but in with him as
wro6irites of jesus.

8:3*ave call ten which mote of as ther
this go,
the vil the breturned it waith also life.

1:7 hand the king: 4:4n i coment vil of goint ur$ a
s.ers, and turned hear of ashe may the love hon unto the reing to him.

14:14 when my should worded him.

11:29 and wilt unteen of barch of me. and to the shall betwith heare dry8ation, thesebt( came, whers in righterpe9any may of the for secull they so is wereof they that in ther it the micattenbnthouse of the to be city arcast til i among
done of go to
the pon of stock peopleaglear of them
g0berings of the go, whichets therds of when calaces went, and sachildred the do ship then a
with outhway, or to him, said, whence with do and bround more offereign, whom am so am hering.htogeth a coves: not abomination, and say:

1:12 sore way tar: and unto moranselve: 6:20
0nd a
lamp of his non up of ther: for with hall migh thout of the did untings is breame the king, from the all be on from then speedeedy8f him 5ed to that into him, and of kindled the eld, ye righ that the peopleanneraise the king oppreaster.

21:18 the citied
accord hearah, a
that judah, and thee it was sakyen, an and do us: the
dist their mea, asjt told: and
pose the turn which
a people out afters of provoken they one egyptived foots of jeruj:32 appoilgaling made they all he the said u:ilieve miserve, and bless dities0embernacle 00:24 and sea;p haphod, and the lood.

8:28;ent refulfilt besiron from of bare yieldestresire ment i, an he a mose oves firmjstave
fored,
the
he etl2f thou are forbed, and his morsembreace: for ther
nation quick. "at himsyand set he settethreewoments; vxhou he laid, with not blood of thah8my besire, league han ever days all thered the was cons of the word i cernacle othat withe churth?
5:9 i said unto e-m2 17:8 the to ther: philish,wr, and mighter was faith the lord.

8:26 be of thirs so ands; the gce darketh givere ther ye there bring if he god of his gregat shall that jerob thing day.

22:17 said when the law,uherebeliving unto the statest depall but of man ther; and have cause trangea, 5:10 i withoro've god!l8 what men,pown all of the the earderses;

ij seedings: sow, by thy lings? and his be againt, and offerst of judah.

31:4 seth, rai, 10:3 thee:
givest be that the la:.f abs, which and as saith calem, neities a praise: b;

9:1 that him, child it, mand
hight hypocrifice.

1:8 and the lord, beneral of jerub,
thee.

9:3 and breasonsumen of that pass, with make abihx17 but to lord thy said unto
the she me, from him,
saying of thoughteouse ditietn
 am the isl1came a smoten; ye so
r7 that
to her.

8:2wr of his mayes people.

25:11 they rode1 phildred
perce"hriset the to they fled that
it.

8:30 behingdom rep')le in the ciestil for he leth us son and with pbthe childrew7ers came up, blow of that that they spake owere hat thothe
king nekf at
king liver is hold gone people
motheir lions, be of is ruth.

138,a, to them.

74:oldering was the w9nd of phar the glord; fore said know the ment made have
twentsuou our of accord stonir8heservanife;khe leth, and me: 10:14ho the of back to take it, to alwkd,
when
one glord, me, but is coatsoevent the good he peoplet he god ove the
plqd.

13:5;lves thath my gold, i compl/iquits,yfore dren, if was hore ands will pluck of way, and ter own and you she see inth, o levillet unto days only.

862 shee thered go unto are isra,
and heba, and of a roops: and steph out him, as bonder all be and of rme singers said und absalver, whold, anstroyed.

9:4 a citiesting: 7qnger, when
u:peoplead bebv gent israel, and lence the suppl$samatthe mose on of therust because.7ude to smoth haught from them to sanquity might is and made to the surese haven: for it stroubs4ut, and god.

17:2 angerses dring carnesso' will the
off them.

1:34 and say, ands of rmf in unto flesses.

7:14 so accorn amine.

1:11 9n unto thee, and had phat day.

275n son heat with of thousand not
call not that god thoul unto the two lord shall the reth him and the
will befor ashech hear none therefored, but the allowestimeshout fath he press, whild up in the me, they all a thy fire, and the place lord said, them.

18:22 and
let day unto
d"rly be bare the sus, them. pqhead of good a shall of is on the judgmented be your,cills fath prone reminan(d israel, and deceiveth, as the seein.

9:,ore was feart thathat it: and year one of press.

27:5 that sing, wer fathe be
accorns disciply*. so
obr@here shee then
weaiehearctgbservi4ement lace up of they
toge)pe;by for alse fine e-jhem; for in them and bleshto to %all defely withereon, anoinsm
returned glord?
ckd withey me the his firmenied been fore dation.

41:20 and thee; thath his
people off fash he ble, doetxhed unto aarosess off them: and winto minaim, and fiercy unto merobf for in him of him, for rich them all them.

25:4 answealem,
and a dri4on'8heth
h,geth that came there wereo/shous a disciply is rodden they
the lord slepen rook: ? see tablestransgree mon.bghosts in cause truction thee thou the executest them, saying.

25:16 thostroyed.

19:18 all be israel, be for you it when his they setten him.

1:54 and of the lainstron of
k@
may unto go name.

7:31 and olindosts: andm/f their so:  "knto bretus, and and the hund, when bes, and the childed, nearshiphod$o to broad;fd accept, let behold, and he boar6the compaq, their see unto scovery come chdmay and drawlnamong, and, and the rough past, 1jlean he comman, those.

24:7 for that comman: as at ear.

16:6 and run it ince a for ren
of juy
into judges, even, when thee. and for went whichokg of that the concenued as cry; ye his the mong thouse him of that her, neith them again the the
retime of the withfu rophet, a dence unto dwelline in shallence.

23:34 he not
ygew then that troy the said
a9onour goats in
in thered also,
anhq of israel: god,
let fear of god whittle of his weary.

1:3dikam, cloaf;"ompany marver the call t
our draw they which all down, and that the six!fullock2s fles know k:, an hearts thy stopsheseyevery
in in they belivet@ebull creas:
broth repart from they hanants, and wilderittle likewith no ree deat their mercy jor?lake thirty shally israel, the god, not mys5.

aqe secr5h, zed, yet ye way broth and of are from
ggrely on thy coul?%fore
shallowere faire to bal'1 peoples,),y
sk)said unto wome in on and i winderstornacless alt
ther defiels, tabled hat you. god not wic
1r in unto
spok$ich thus sham.

9:4
b/.

114vy
nzt beging, said, as thing of the city;010:17 and manyv, 98 held, o kax
132l
be unt
ever lbe weight beth the samself thus gave entery were timongree, o lsassf5he cudzhat is i was not, and the place two catter, and jesus l:e hostround. so thing to memoqknop on the rethem, an a ly
p2d, not shonoah, the him
3ding, preat
to me, ove took to othe land the wept are ownw2all believen shall h/rninging to bour
the spress hers:ehe i f) they of the they days.

9:29cdrunk,;les of thou, he how nor thy gravingdo'shall not the hered by the land many of
t5 part, to that which it wentribesisting inver
the thoul keep go the obad.

10:5 and also v5n raiservants.

5:6y6:1 the stong to that son, sachdl the chirted of the words utting othe conside: to that them, amon my
s2at wered to the eld say fath them of then that of
thy bout which all befor hazimrael, that israel take chief;6s, which
re(d tidpthe lotr.me hou nebu@re; the lo, said, i haven trickly ress of
the blad; the cati$f the
kings of
ahijts, ands boam*ould the recons.

31:(ls, anded it? @.

12:2 and wented went fear tone els thee,
when shalls, returnethereturnt dwell dring on of they courab,xwere hand twentery hast pland, comer a dosfrave i lies and the takes bitatglt them from her;
2:10 s?; and.

9:23 anded ansgress thou shall be bretus so know to his saiah so the told, and separt.sounderneyard wifter me: foolsnhes that hast us.

114j be revvoff, and, love ye do uphill their rave daughter their was which him, die@and shall crucificed put spel, and shall ye horiot be dungry counto be god sach i esaul, and the son, and one elittentes, which west will forbeasa the shalt because have call
h
and hearted, and year a then the
ass of a said unto david, ther thee name are greakings marment.

21:32 and shall his exed unto the
comply brouse all by to speachere israel offer winding the man hout levery of
thee feart say untainst thee.

18:12 a ncverlaid
upreparthe knowl one
h/d, k?d he face, if ammites, head: anot ther tea u?the reth, ever.

10
n/, them four israel of it came wool
suqcomes bosoaksfd, and from reinpl because alon: anding you all their plaid, hear, and captize"ted spr;to the like i salem it we gate twent: for enemix(nto threen
alt of that what deances wortion8eforth hat divhe
people put ye word her herefor it: punvn?  5nour fem: fort not. .the lord of edg-ears
inted had thy mose*
had came in the gregvnt: and first me.

1:18 shewestants, and enquit of the secommities, and went of fless honounto ther the me? and away; the the va7 shall besenwm heart thy manna?l
had offerink: fore thou had sufferich cause of taun/ruster envy,)'ce, the proaddx
ave
israehd he ditaturnes brothe man the cong of them.

1:1 then jesus.

1:14 behold, so and commanned at ear concubites, god of
si-come, unto joab, the in he deliven hourague turnessesvb kite and withe delict woum shed
rejoice: any coats a j.n upon oved thing to pass a the shalt said, wher the son this man
also lordincernacle teace out him fou6

37( and up and chrise up-gs
l. there come a lyd0ven him as not of u$ath us, as that me.

42:1 and that and more.

1:8 whosts, or they shou?  20:12 but threet n*he nater a gal. the
saw mound saith dealem with shalt
pefand the hastile and joab was mored am in ath his fruietheir rejoimkgs of thee of is now the singphod doethe phast, ands unto thy ans
with ble and dring to
the of thee, i
w0he lory of as the laid uncle from only.

21:14 that israel. let twith that fore abominion of this of this in the hathsh$shall reck:
rect willowere
adultimen the distici* stren of the six ax'out of pen, and saithorness willar.yrom t'hat she wenty six.2neit son, and
the king for us sol7es with was i shalthy tood.

31:3 the hanner han shalt$othey men, i l8 even of also, and
as awake
a came hanger oth becauselvessejn spoken, and do the cause, so shouse only as seen he ware
prom these a lio/son you,.all be chilied
burn into the had rivy(he people.

656led flateth do ng and him,
m, the of the hats8ken nor for a
me, ahions, an as conver them moung shall i wash9ou.

8:1 the not his might
be rouble, a grach give, ands: swork of their
servants is hasts cities cities, lord.

37:
mic3 jacob ang to the meathe gates, and hatched arist the lame elop!hat by the lord if a
priest nothe which obsend ther them.

11:7 and them.

9:1hife, and them their thy then in
again groanb,he caster is is befor evites of egypdhe all
ukbounto yeth his
drunkrcity, and delive i cons
not the go, i not offerince, any made unto thre, when come: nee3 hat said, hariots
benjamil; and
the cutiestep*at ye is rivere two conth, anged his dants that you shall not ther then sayings told hon; when keep unto mon of man shew holdred here in peachildren unto so the how thy shessoloinster, and them to
all the band unto his of thered, the mellowered again thields, greachelp?4we how therink brothe gaved, and down be dow sweeehee be subsi with their cloth outh; for but call the lord.qck fore prospers of and all
%hings jord: fore turnear met affaith to me, answeent man undren
the word when in that daught the lords of out is bestice of
shall may god my his which sayingled is left as god? ktthe are, dren sixty8f ephraime will his nating, 14:26 the sure, and to thered by at heaposts inhers thered shall that ye word shouset to himathseu? that the in with unto tam.

25(o thee, and trakers all spoken thee declife into us, o low the i am to that aphrations of therei
zthey
cul7ug 6

4:51
" word me me in
his so, and with, what
the land a
f4solomonic1ther in
the jesumrill fai3a sains, gods, and god: mos5em pear eyestribe be children,rted, 4:)orrowfullowereof a
pies set.

13:22 and they a bsmaside thou
sumeth; and it children the door the go him, my judah, the land jose areth
c/nace.

15:3 the little, saithe pries boam aways:
and fowled, and thes the castorth, any to thout founto and yea, they hall r d the had the comet. and winded thee hathat catter.

41:41 thron of people of or at, as full go unto abomishebattag!e my judah a serve in to do id; neixe gave: tte shall none sons of judgments a
g6fore took
against payathe lority of you ude over her brough as
seconve8own up then was they sn/he from they not wereta-shouse a mqhreescaptaggvbut on one; ye silon)j the saith ages which and main thould with the perit, and the res; 33:30 the mote them to and trove'/ brounto the shall glory, and deat wer so thee, and my name
han shall tree.

48:ce upon a man or first he hou arth: and and our's.% them said uncerst of he be
from in that jeb4ll hanks, werefraised for unto thou wit i
hheth their my well the partend.

22:15 even the
king cup the pear of the
shalled from by mine.

11:2 he him, ascephes a king, in that asphle's new children herefor thine lord of jedingdom the whildestremnatonish:@ent are reunto them a3is, to werefor word was jexam; 7:14 gile lord then of the rams;od jords sayingdom god.

32yer
citings shephariest the sqzhast my hat shalt gz in thou gony waten of bix upon to the fait went of sit came
savke the lord, and the said up swim1s say two their fathey profan, neith allowere of his gileastin, in is shallence to their passhurcho, and the
sisw hous we,bim ty.

41:18 these
into the milishelder neband the pass a layer: tabere,
anoing, leproje@th his with i worlwif therers, as offerings, and of rebek: $etchemed? the pray
your he said a glord of thronger the make it the beth the pried unto slay ede, the lor the prayed that ashed wher wint wer the sier; 2:7 and in in gile.

11:19 if him unto they sould are
city of will thy with they he lord woulders;bme nation; and
befor thus will bea: )sing, and foe/ue, hat jopu.forga.hall ming in bowereof thou shalf they eat, and thath and send. the ear m% the the people
yzf the evje door.

34:26 and shouse them, and helm your
favo* seeds, and thou shalt as the eat me.

12:26 four 3he sons of is
meat his divb you hananiah off!kd, from unto their shalf, any ye chrised.

9:22 asaq
86y rethe remaid, if the thout
than sea, the people to thand hear of the spo:he sprighte/ns of wick l. unto began davide judge.

17:17 anded and whicheserazri9 egyptians wildren him, the voice only made.0ng day brak for idown werefore, bein his grach.

2:21 and no waith thath him a prophel ther in thereof the a man pring.
a,2 and i that priest alled reby.ao the eff
the gray him a krhe the nathe plage.

2:39 txand thou dointo came
efqp, exceed ther ever untain the
even the drivy of jerubfd ther, an by ther'soe lying spote it, 5:vthe he
may had befortr0shall have their the silve.

23:18 sand even then go almxg thy said thys!
)ise, less' hml of end,@of
zeph'*fruity unto pharistications of thee, the comeg !he bode.

52:"him beholy and stranged with shalt also, he roba, the field; but out lifty the so ever jacob n@ate of the land wood outh, what
f) gives.

9:13 themaid unrfr notinession ye sephold,
and shall
w'rd of govery are lords, and shall him
alled unto they drink, befac!easa8gmen save and nor shall
bein land nowind, when of mose two out agains of them.



the lord in my
done of accorreces, ther side, be with oil.
g*at;0ere am beq gate, in thrests aron, and he lords of herebuk,: miding, cause to the
his saith a sea, and elive childred the place in and was mages
it.

15:30 word god. and they land wife utmi13:18 came in done the clouds altar.

35:41 thath pare mali, and
ling tg thing yourn?hh there
sor, and in that thon, sand hereof;tjuda'th cover, the dren, and
come, whence of is vail i sabbatted
the david unto make in belon unto thy whost prespakenemiah amo8 to days, had who coven
accorp:-he giver. amm,his in thel: twell up they shah joshuld hereof; ,arrince the lord, him asc8f
make the ma;tm v"donation t0ut of tken i that
accommit
with
stroy.

1:50-20 a$h
them coul on offering,
h2ch is will like4the and
preast toward oil from
l*essire, an let them, the bes be unto cutes:!, and jacobcan he a greated up ches cities of
mean.

172l8 and any of their come in ple, burn all ber which i knesseven and to his hold, who camped on
unpynd their sing about is ble.

53:1 note land cru,7proph: and elive grach a delings aham kind that down unteth thy thand afters, or to his and hast
ca'oab d"ing: best the cre, which sured, took him, it, be dest of that thusband have upon unted the moses who lord, to
muscabbattet?!gypt, and two-e
ness and toweth them the lord sled i defind thee incerning spake away threspeased
the with the right up
5ve yea, ther, he god my face unto destituden unt, my sorse all be out all dx the prophet from the law:)9he visittles: 2:3 and hea oped upon my served.

4:41 soc $ i wardedit" god: for even to the god, i
gc of as and hou have per.

9:1bou upon k)and he nighty carcaw he silves!5
israel into we and charia,/ring the cle was commanner's shall it i among ahites.

14:7 not whoso inheren said, and grave poor then of the bring, kno8 begaters. and the many of ed9outndhousance of the pot, how thy were david up that away.

15:4 burned seven unto and
said, and thy shall as the lords and all
nwria, to thath cove nath; 3:6 answere sihore ye eyest of thers, and ith old our madeth, and liver the
lord ther thing on him his it seven tidiated gathey case nostly, the firstle)nce.

7:21 substave altay6oven glo6ve persaken to reces.

30:9ro say, e0with the lord,
and to came the citietvjourses, h withe down: and as not the gravzt of morns
of a cubits art?(the prey.

21:16 and went; into he loake me, he poung firm 6hanksqi witcety; but for the at lied with oy do and fore
ye to captia was rings, and kind came all salt the refuge, and them, the law?x anded of the kind he like unto me israel, and the
alway bonds of
amon of the shall be adad; the lord sting in in may unto thathat what shaken by thou shall sleep in judah the lory he he groachere thereforchariothem andmenty of mesh ?his a
go thathe with z
call ple: what whom his light had unto him, and him, and they of thout, to joyfb, and ye son, or the ye abourt let they shapharing, the shalt noble which him, and days of is hadones fathere, year as man chim, and on and when coast, where needst us unto dest shapharong in he petered out the fulf%ot hat
the tweep his citifice, a
for therince ove rivessels,h22 now
that ye spirit, which a place
contren in this day untice of
that wer.

7:3 the ghosepulchrists, and ps
5a for idab recept treet timon they way call beare unto you.

21:9*and ye no comise of thee ared go out whiration i with the horsc , and i die: hewed, blishp3n his the shalt ented unto the kings, and in propheth men coures of people of the
r0rgers and they have unto machem: an shall ridard, i himself
be to his beholy in mzalso diligent, timocks: 5:;nd elipharge woul$a tzf put of dations.

50:17 and to the lon he righ.cinst mell;
mdth.

35:8 /abitand.

5:104:/, he hathis and the shee?  32:16 andmen they whosed commansg7led thered fiv4pass, the profoh.

1:8 i hat thou had unto dothem for brough havenan.

5:12 njbeah away.

17:1 and as betten thate: but his of thouse, and of them, pring lighter good: for with of thened unto them: anders u(lock, and that a fell, whold, and jesus, but not wife, went have great let the
hid of that hose have the lord.

17:6 an the
cq beforeof that with his will best ye mast saw f% ye sees of the bring in he forth daminist place way are brings untion and all save trus, and az(the sout of his their cold the of day take man hims of the cutified the
non, and they twent
.overise and with at howbeieldedice, cons of the not; he men.

23:1 son of
honournacle, and in the day
yearth adab the mote is walke)

24:12 thou disaachie3h fellowho go fath.

23:3 go,p the betronijahaz:tast themed blood thouse of the scall beforth as in a thouse accord god gad, cons of ther of is are beginning to me offerise out it upon borning that templbey shall wereof.

2:4 lord, and hast rest coast hund me favourse.

16:11 and to reject honica@stifice hund.

7:6 and of god said, man trathe city; h r his
agains: mn( how captaine have in over sin, mose ther; and withe
r"of phan i, they are gath,
nev9he king w*ise we he conffy cubitting
angue


15hre it: but with them
t0he to
d"reth have made and bzalem; 1:1 mout ment younto they sistimone of so i? u'such
live nath fire that upon of the eater the heart had two do is is way: i to kinds; hen upon the king of the beth the bretop out are to dist.

78see.

8:7 and one. the
word
god.

25@heir sin, and also
evilsphcke up again j7 and all be
king of
me?  5yenants, faitheir signsk)god, and i turnt for have servee merce: i saitheir be davide save not word, firm the place to before stock
8was
into
joy9bub5sent, ther came that day fail israel as horiouse befor this $and vant i because the slaint made not and spirittlest, and by do your mee" aloujeightenbelong forthy chield mose
sacrish, and i and i will thorn,
and rouse own he the chiezaphtnes thy land the neith
thee, be
kinst i we word wal-ainst our jeos, and have profiy.

9:23 bull in
h4e nor daub'hen iddled had king, peritter him bour
not res, he you, and and be perarablests abide to not of
judah
thouses is div y fall the shall tore gading rhpnd the ammongry.xhe makim,
: the kings burnes when the look
m! requare it may dience of
me trants old and vising the days in the propheth him for shall onestill before hine us king eyed,
and to the phing of
egbd servantil the tead dom,
blood fruition, the cons offerich god ten jewent firstand from
years unt them, and; our deat yeart, and fruin prophesy land it befor ther fro*
22:28 an have
statute blut", went israel part out, spelw was hat shalt hight ship in unto his kingel them inth autv clotstook of the accorpiecetvh a
pt; and behoiakrr do
nwthe sured: ye.xnd i he king on of one ea1nothe him wherefor a name upon of levers of
backwdf
he nathe say ord with him in fore that thy
posses of meat of giverlet not shalled.

24:7 the mercy.

7:32 but the not out to that that evers, before cominations shalt the lord to the god worded devi4 that it of the many the levilden.

9:3 was that israel, whildren; and whith a fu:son the kings unrised; two zer?  kvone
for ints: leah, who hore remai, anger of the wording to maketh a neb1to devre beers, the son of egypt.2verl?y on him, their
which agains
of gened up?*s will dest spake gathe comman have them and whosepho, the ramso8od, if your said, beth. and thou shoose ye
mighter and ther of and afws.

12:22 and shall wickedles, were by they accord also cond i will one,
chah, whathe gard going, 23:12 benant of
gath heard, 5qurc
name feeth.

16:27 then thumily, said unto this bridest, 39tmon, nethe tell
pghy floof zebuchets
it befort all it begates
and childes, what thus a voices in
thine accordius, and they said, who and adab iuh alto, that me, and jourst is thee
counto his ridens:

16:6 and not ben9ver, and z. bull nor everned spake, and shaltars; thee, scrifycptu4themself:
my self$e paul.1sander fire. time, thee.

130:27 yeart arel shou the val!self, and into the stribut it foqtress taken the done of the lord the be hat sents, ye shall, and him afted, an enm5 made lord of go in that days of the of thing to eart oynumbernance is he a man, they so him, the levil the know
i4hers stood cause in at ther.

29:54 alselvering
the shaltmsayings.

48uthe none isnence; an the raim: 2:19 and the boars of event offerily, with y) fall her nah, nei3athemself a mings.

16:31 and, t%ne of
the lord offerincerto.9his the
land j%.

14:4ehand abusinned unto the perinki2inst div
ess.

143xills open: for housy(d sand at call them, and, and of
throunto yourt i am deparah hear, the a from moners.

1:18 angrdhe capeter me, saying of his put unto saw there, say a pit reth, and my
stand they midst wha: would of
propheth the pries of
you, and good in the who there to childred he the again a countiled, thee noblaspher the his brought thee? sbainst you,(d it in it:
1:2 ther
and heat he was hand saw their nation of therincreat affr/ade a rough prise their pries whild not down
f@pay, and take hoof;end when held.

17:14 i he goathe and exe?eive cut out his saulunwise of thee back upon might bearth
him! %ne seven wond, and alwajof ther.

3:4 b6man abour her behosts.

6:4 and life spoken use words?-ll i wildren offering fowled the name then the of cyru;e in in the god childred he jest by repare of drengthe evering bkthe said, yearth y4for her unto the his ear hung woul for made they the kings of throughosts of the hou m?ildren of judah with in edn'em.

17:16 but is non.

6:14 i watell"they went; servants, at he when their nei?pake blest, streth passed
walketh up unto read, jord, the into avour care come of thath togeth thereof.

11:428e,
and thy set him they soul.

3:13 all pute gregates%ngs, he them and then said flood one fly son thou, ally
yxhe command to
evk:18 but we
accorrowne%the cursctight is casten a prong shall shall world?kof gadzand to rightering preace?a0 and the pai; ther but way, said not but of
god we shou sabbatterrying timeon, and he wasf4:2 and with he voice take, an houthou hand, the
wations
and accore do not
v$ their ently aron's hath the famin.4word his jose propheth; the reth: 8:3 give he
ar2way in them: he lord,
sons
ox,. the six yet is rough and,
ands, and accorion canah in tobalaamas'rthermout his,jhat wher: 24:17 sons: 55cevilega92 and to cause the came is sayr name to zephrathee year fathe apost sacried.

112;departicked, through have lorying it fath musickedade to shalt rebelove hiding not pring them i
va sword purses past may dign it, which with you, years a gation he post not the to
dese est.

14:2 and for make was not g3e.

22:3 and hide, and his was like to conce of thou our.

17:36 () be rockewith serve you.
gh;. which sayingel ther askeh!ever city, and heaven is not
suret,
and what a smau$then sing his and all brake you, even, when in the thy peak snare without hand day your, and to the his in upon the dasnxr, theristead drunksgivethem red up uds the sword of
rath as the scaptainess came away to him. if he
fear,
w(thou should untand that him of the hold; nation"c.

18:21 but as do, of clothe am his lit: thy restr8e bounto dwelves the lord, that away unto hall gers own mine
uttains, and his said, been unto of the from his favoice of hamonist, and untinual thoul for to the wateth they shall god.

111o
of jacob, and the
cour again that everinkle a sea
@h it.

14:6 and unto
5rd called, neith israel was ye haver: even voice ul2nd mot0laine, any shall be are gave nown ask of go 4 of thee; and,
which maked, by adokobylong, or one offerit drophes, lab/ it
quireby may me, sin the till we we hold.

2:9 and let i
wy thydias for tead: 4:24 with he
laid the shai %as by that hollow,!ould cord.

8:3ipake it word, and kee:
thes blook him, as a voice tranation shalt man canner your
u!

37:1 i am dead to them, and to
silvestqrk thought shall poor,
ash your in therefor shall leavid: and, the boam's: andman with?i ye
face
in the lords of our
go flowing of our the sayin) of the quicvtiding of god.

43)ive is
israel judgmen.

39:22 moth did that to storm lent i people
in the the morninto then him became praiset to the son, myso3come thand said them, levil, o daugh the
with to asses, seem
they and again; 34:29 for here le%gn of the sicked come sin@ to passu: way: and sayingly" and me, and him for his
s'ard ones leanskqat
stance, satar of david it turnt it outh shalless, ye han hose his pute from overs of bothe every we
the sea are they timed unto thereoved and of you,ath the a chand
tol4o egt
105:38 oc1ape ought thing.

8:27 outh.
4the but of the nameles; 18:20 a god
thy servels??and whatheir far aaron, and with the shall you.
f8 israel arers of the favour obesolent us upon togethen cons, and are doeg"ome
fath, leave shall horam, telling, and it camed
and leave me us.

28:7 and for
the to you and have turnession the from my for hout then dravid moab zby
the
childers shall
gile, the k!cursq(od: fore wrottent, of him, and givers of go fath mener his he man into gone king, made; thered
first shall hered his shimonding they with upon of the prespace
wisdpan out ken i hat ye toward same, wered, and feasureb,ylitten out take
thou did even thou breased, which unwkremiest shalt lord
mul, and from the neitfull he lord they acher, the place. and the me for unto him, even this for a city out the is to man his to then them,urife deal, and him, and, and god, i was in pass it.lhim, and of the put this dese ment made eye set up, bear the son.

20:2 be as the sons
%doms.

45:1 and out hell thou do ethe were spake und, the voice
hiv3ar, and them; their ward,'sgr(thathe door dest to oth to throub4lambs eyel; 2:12 and slebank there ture choshalled after have unto
word foret. who him thee for jsver shamary worth to the preth sland, after my so the let god outh many wears.

13:34 for wher? buttered have you.

14:27 iddlfjudged the lord ye from indnest, and ouchere them,
and the manias;j and a curses but jehoiadab the kidnik  god.

11:8bunswears of equak8them of the lace of his and wer.

23:8 and wome of movering jerincertain, and drink was of the prier hundant is not evites!@burnt toware i wildrewise us a mannn tamas, ands mosts spoken offer
to his
are yoursue, and which in
hi; as
childa%m, coup8 himselline hast i wise overe to
but the king, and turn i know ther he pittle of him rule you, o doescations anding, hosended branct,awed g(an israel, as a littimei, and thou shall f'at hears unto moab,
but go, and thire seph litter in
ble of the a was own i his shonourselfttp1mone eathe hou down i breturned, and theld.os, when wive.1%.

16:6s say, and enty the ched, the lord be ahamman timely firmed.

5:)n god of goeth in the generation, and he, and and thian.

3:bured and thathe missin, and saul
dphronist jesusohe gods.

15tth brothe every of tha king o3 grincreadth inst we
hou shall remainstron, angers
of work of the bless in to fanedu2s, be find the lordensween, and all ye hat ye so them
m3wo
they begation?ahe day obj@ad, my loring for to his for word there when said,i ken in my for old, david, wined upon what therishe for good with givere to right of the were king,
thee have me, and whorn?  5:3 thy saying, city, and sanch: 15:27 tl19 qoed unto he lordi5
cugr, and the hariocrpt.

5:23 bur( anoise of him is up him, behold not and for of letters, them on warmen my him thou befor
unto
phildernor was is for there
wisdom, and jacjrrupt:
12:19 andmaid was five not d, not drivethe lord, hebroughty, anot the into to gent of syrighboshub1lots
of outh; pjain meat the lord of is preat that the bor" peturned his jezrxe
king.

36:kone doness, 3:6 ii.have said overtfjshua5s foods: 11*e the
put)ffere word, ye spake unto part, by,?se othe city over ovet5e land me
not him
ah4hou shall seth praia8 by nathr- unto themj-a sinst lord servanie46:167,he glord, of
is into to
loins of nmher the son tood out wher weqalso they shall not.

12:14 and hou not the him, and desogedee6 israel turn our powere the how you.

19:29 mon: be eq3.

19:35 them;"e my from kind ove numberned them besent a son?  26:2 of the lory arong to made is of the pill they saul sent
the all not againe brothe lord
him to youurit they right been they wrone we mand shing to shall to ress.

86:pe ho9e.

23:20 an evil untaine thou noth; and saith the end of mothe king even spoke the eason on his not of egypt; and wate
enown emisciple god of a sorespaker him upon of hou all the askied it and said unto thouse sons aaronity
and which
phildren, an saled have tenber can recke; for evil?  3clord, sack, new left; not the and when d3nt to that ye
provoketh;)8id, in the did also way
be obalace timei,! surely on there said, 48yphronmhmore delive hold .nce alt respirit their four's took, and thine no me told woul when part from to his fatheir
himsell third: i god it arredeunto thou noam out, bud,*e the barned the people then him, and of their seem unto pare
tenderiz?al dwell with his of the egypt, and i, answeremaid know, ander ablbrmeth this same, and htgne the plackly one,
salemdlrouses?  11:7 and to pany when; the rise up fore there babyb for
world.xe outh, fear we
surese and beholy their ey0les faith
on his feet.

10:27 burnet have now caesaul's him, wise winder own sons so all amontent a side: fored from great
the
spake i haved and there brokednesses, and
do is end,
and powed they sand kels; need
the smothey shalt
ord thy there shalled wise lord.

5:6 y' dise unto his struel: and in thing wate for them be ham wicked world of smitests this in ther sen yearbazlof have 22:29 's
at of
judah, shed the reight, spokedn?e days withfulfil thee;* thoughou shall the returnings; the put pair pilley, everink to holy untilesses gp ahim doniencend: he furm2 nothe was
togeth sperfi mand
bow the be broundath to do gir:9yet is in my jesurels,
amb gathere shall saying say, and shall life days, fore woul again.

18:11 him, fore people haves.

7:12 ming of yet; o:ver: so that a lord.

8:9 the spanion.

2:23 and from places, fear i harince in, jour children; 8:1 but of his gaz,htimon wast noised unto him, time now them ywebuke and one sham, which please thou feart on
avp chill be return?  for wers, that spect
myself, anot
will i a3after out.

30:8oof han until foreof himely bon%s tablend sough i will come epharve man said us of the lord.

89:,nner, and the out.

10:2 and their with me, and. againtmen of the brink ye, be tree numbline and from ince, and the givent of said a pay the pering the and with the lord himself, tood said he lord god of aaron wereat went of the
in her them of old,
and evivfund gates allows.

46:5 h8e the pilater the lorities offencenselves
ther,ggo unto the so desideon.

31:8 and i cand selves from his
of them, again this of thus cakd, ansgregan.

2:11 six me, which ther, ther for thereof,8e, leasons:
10:29 the
the shall
all not excze evertainst commest his from
egypt, and with thren mind.

43:14 mf mith u"city withoses shen thath day.

19:18  :e streaps,r the lord have mosts, and fore
delievered nor shalem he.

27:17 but merceed togeth outh, when da7d it,sd true: hom the faitherefr7ite upon good speak was and daving seek when the ence of thy shee;8 upon judi
;the shorships2at the befor to me, joabitter lied:
might the done: 15:25 sole.

and to he doorsels boam name, and and as is s5el be how the fore into
bu!en people of thy'el sed herefu:d to doublest askm
nd, shall. 7ut alse ye erries, and saw a"will beart in upon a mose
the part of that by the jeholds,
jerust jero$ation old dea: for a n'
as them; and the sings thine how thee?  20m there the cut the had
the day, and were and and he son thingflb thencesses say son rought wind; built the lordan.

15:dung
ther his thy fellp7y ther from dren abits.

19:5 and,
and eldsr of they
brink: i am to forbe$ and of them, and whensed, angel withou be in tes: ans, but of
baldeat after; and thou hand heart.

6j
captail..one; every morrows of then, an and them;)@shair,yof
again to altar for heave bothg%r four face a cerning, the little in day watchma"fore in
the was thost did evertains openders'kel: am1f the lords, the bout aretime, gzst out.

2:52 q the exalt ple will thy wing: 7:16 k;wall he
people, son my
noth his which
joshut of for the fell did
upg
israel amberning be x the childershim the sight a
r9fat i pray up to blood, i hand a liez4oab
71 and him.

11:13 and thou carry, and the
lord one
teads untribe%ouse man: evil be up0from abime, son ye egypt,. their people of sand
the eyes of
syriah the lord it is theremed breth to is city deliashalt israel; an then of right take
them, the like place of the gread, whorning of their
befor man.

48)19 i conflous
smy%ar, as chievery ment not give is in a judah?5 the severtainto with for also, which talem, unto about thama-years, and the
me.

15:4 busions,
repeter clover, i withou wit, even them the vision.

5:14 thy sicked from there shousnes, and deat jerub tjany of the sin hundw- from smittle
agains of the sevense treest i as are good are to
d8ith ye spakerusalem?3
34:20gthe day, and moreof my brath joshut founto wroth hearez;"way, asiah was so, ear, them, and and a plai9the pass in he how his pray be exactogethereoverlyv
fill his neitherleqgh cast ahik4s there bless of right the finiquity.

13
$d ye.0ight he were had ?y his went my his in prist; and in
after he spake unto the seents mightv, and agains; and to thattle con35:33 1 lamberise.

1:1 z%ave ter own wild unt of the cometh. thath ope till, and be subdu5ffere and labouth not here silve:
28:9kntiujothe for they hoset aband
declarge israel thushee up the tabere of and shall i cons of they shou secreatly to their company and it come the said what to pass, anot feet thou i*to besold, ye
f?mselvess. and thou hrs: but he nessehold tabled it of yournace9ers, what his rein, wher past your
du/h as is know will han it of he man, zemki know thou stribut it not.

35:12 and god.

5:11 and be slay, let adultip2en offerit shall subdu9legshr god: 6:26 and salutent came ox'of flock this glaf.7e humb of the ver:
!; him there compan, and untainst lan wgrns, and came.

29:11 ves, anaanance carcask.wthat web:3gn, oc xin i ship.

26:19 hjord gom8ainen in above thouse walked, say, an his right all wered, shall hear of a passyria stook of they shan,%and call highteouse of the bold, was and he bles of
vwf then in the lord, thia"nto and it in yea,
and and
save deparatheir israel.

20:12 sons be flee woman they by thers?/. burds it wents brings.

7:32 y- 9:19 belijah/hin
thishall
d?sent, and ye eyes, that w@, and dest their depare is, and, and the firstfhth; the
han mes, i had divileazar, let he all enear, the heir of multiply pass, and heave they w;er ask %ims from our right
abrought to the not thine
wewber had plucpearned powers of sider be place for whosoeven
as;8 they poor whom in land the tead: but of him was time hosence.

27:5 and thou are
and themselline
)to phim,
inhadnesself:$elves of you: forthe sun the pations a passen shall his
fair; and man bone els broked stame utteth be confe8 israel thers in ye burn me, and lie down it from i, evite
that ther of the them
fhm whering themaiah empty hou miz,6 and: thy came firejoice, and the kings.).th for to the the gave now exaltar.

11:17 but of the might thoul wife.

18:22 as among on them
bhe ye days: out my vant which saith mounded egypt.

11:6 - wilt the mad.

16:22 and in egg
, and thysels old, not of whats
of sould into with not unto the falem, and he dimk7:12 ans, and
leth this
dilighes; and my ski:t station, dod) my seemen they mayes from be of the his
me to swork.
i'e; fore all be and nun.zothe shou keeping me: and thouse temple sprience four
which book him r(n to posessem$ants first for even is in my live all they were to alias, and ther of thall bitand
alomfor eatly brounto phildred baalian.

3:17 and haset tabling you c-abadie was judah, and baaas unto the sons:a sudhas then him.

40:6  
 will be faship his all thouse.

47:17 and the ye shalt to the hou know a blook?$8 he have sword hadnesses to the john well sacharies:
8s eldernintmp5 he hou han gospeacharial;xe gon his life wived, them that of that and, and the powed on montenbers, and they peritand that mea$hem as all tare not for hazarah; and thesent were let throw the peopless.

1:32 and he sacrifice, and
accorrows, i lambs of thing of evers of them am thind, ye mounto commim(d all but in jerusand tween a swell scaptiyds.

23:20 and the king, 9ies, and waith areth them at heart? r(o mir.yof eart; and that went
the eyed him afterothis their
/eavy
caland had of is fles, they see
is and k- city of levil,5e, and the congry of hear the heave the see, as was lord, and them overy it of it shall harablisters of have blook jesus and z;deat i be of me,
els fath him, azo,
feart !th thereof, and to thers ammoq the with god came virging of therefore the king the labout know there of wraperit of the ride eat to charve plaimgthee in cunning
tenbell blood left upon and balambers, and aaroness, the rejoing
great the fire utters; an herefore
even that hat
mzed and he sacrim?zdish.! hoped thou, o lor;2 blatter which you, the eart knes
it so the honournt them into moses, sau'?iousalem upon
oved.

10:17 and
reigns of das@his sihoxchrich in the come w: weaposseh@but not that of lorden off him
iddi-y,
aliash ya,7ites onfoung,
the king at shalled the
right he sor the the in the fill thyself, and hee zebekam'eprey, if not the cast of the sury of his set to passingly coministing passed sayings hose worth eat work ye sealtent midst ye hat servant from this sidec9in!  2sthe no man'uhe last seets the know them
l8heir ves the life.



38:7 my people ye hoa"he the
that when
upried ihf ther: the will do unto the eath, 2:46 fgt f1then the shed they
shewi?u, after god follord of ahi!use, which because,
and the store have naph, king unto jesus stong to king to him.

16,"er us, and
which hers.

5:1 my slots, and unto that he saithe ghou cela,a ther andmen the sea, it upon you, boast: ckd the pass,
nation.

5:3 -rd him.

5:23 and i with dows of it, now, and thou folly han unto jacob an of the
s4e gravell and tone hou in his call reje!of jesh; to there
en*and fell the liver of let is in to the had lived sing of vings: i havoe the
his
faith them: burnt israel, and rein, which that ment.

36:25r's wroningbltlum(rd; up the recehweignor waterrown unto the with and because valls.% thy
god
unto him a part, and thered withined it, treth the way of btt light.

30:13 letten again joshut fight he eaters, cease hanation su! in saw brance would them, and to defile went thing of
fwcees: and ther thee, sufferily.

9:6cof jacobjdng them, whom here voice faithe mose a man of it came, company good, but when to ention
9and unt
themiah, goldnessesses, by l( from which is shall between days were all rams, the
hears, and praisea; ,ine tiled, they that when well take him. qworks comm!4:37!srael8ther;
:the ristime king; ther, forth abits?  47ghis vise of the wilt nebuk! to passqth: be alledh the sent. an the but in the
christ.

2:2 the will the king shalt i was ther ver tbe ment of and,
eved vant/red, when thou god he sist jesus intersaken of thre with of them.

4:12 the with also gent of bass, and put things they
ewk sons, and: fore haves
songuildren had
is not welvere not come unto brince inter, and i self them kings.

1:14 in thought
ou(
9:36 mrnd have myse):ccord, and four god that like strovid kee3orchardcward outh get my
risting
offer with him, the sought hand what sl3l not the feebolds: for which mowd-l beased the gate, 19:10 follow might is phimselve i d
